Top grid is now done for our desktop
layout, we're gonna need to go back and
revisit this top grid for
mobile and tablet layouts.
But before we do that,
let's focus on the bottom grid, okay?
So that means we're gonna
go back to our HTML and
we have a whole bunch of
these items here underneath.
So we have, once again, a course link,
a course image, and a course title.
That's all.
And what we're going to do here is
I'm gonna set up the first one for
you, and
then you can set up the other ones.
So we are going to have, of course,
an image source would be
this particular image here.
In this case, it's a webP image, okay?
And the Alt text for
that is going to be the name of that
particular icon,
in this case, CSS Projects.
And then around this,
we are going to put in a link.
So this is a href = '
Target = _blank.
And then we can end with a /a, okay
So you should see, down here on
the bottom, you should see an image.
And they may be kind of big,
don't worry about it,
we'll fix that particular problem, okay?
So in other words,
we just have clickable images here,
we have alt text that's available for
screen readers, and that's pretty
much all that we need down here for
these five images down at the bottom.
Okay, markup all the rest of them, once
again, I recommend just copy paste, and
then substitute in the appropriate links.
All right, so
hopefully you did okay with that,
you should now have a series
of images there on the screen.
You'll see that they start
with some kind of link.
Hopefully they open in a separate window.
And then you'll have your image that's
there with the alt text that was given to
you for each one of those.
So you've got five of these images,
and if you scroll down the page,
there they all are in all their glory.
They're kind of big, but that's cool.
That's fine.
All right, everybody got that okay?
All right, now all we need to do is
make them stretch across the bottom of
the three images that we
have here at the top.
And so to do that, once again,
we need to manage our HTM.
So we know that we have here in our HTML,
we have our div with a class of top grid,
right, that was our parent, and
the figures here were our children.
You declare grid on the parent,
in this case a top grid, and
the figures then line up
exactly as you wish in space.
We're going to do exactly the same thing
here with our series of linked images.
So we are going to add to this
a div with a class of, guess what?
Bottom grid,
because I'm super creative that way.
And if you scroll all the way
down to the bottom here,
we are going to add another
/div at the bottom.
So now we have a nice grouping here for
our five linked images, okay?
So that's the change you
need to make to your HTML.
Then when we take a look at our CSS,
still inside of our project's layer,
we're going to add our next
style which is .bottomgrid.
And this is where we say display grid,
and what we wanna do
is we basically wanna put all five
of those images next to each other.
That is a series of five columns, they
are probably all exactly the same width.
So we can write that as grid template
columns, and there's a shorthand,
I mean, you can write, 1fr,1fr,1fr,1fr,
if you wanna write that,
you totally can, and it'll work great.
In fact, there they are.
How awesome is that?
But there is also
a shorthand you can use for
this, which is repeat: (5), ifr.
In other words, give me five 1fr's.
It does exactly the same thing, okay?
And there they are.
Let's give them a little
bit of space in between.
How about a gap of 2rem.
There we go.
So pretty?
And 2rem because we used 2rem up here on
the top as the gaps in between our grid
elements up here on the top.
And then the last thing I
wanna do is actually give this
a little bit of margin of 2rem0,
so that will give us a little
bit of a gap in between our top grid and
our bottom grid.
Pretty, and now it all looks
like one great big huge piece,
and it really isn't, it's two completely
separate pieces here in space.